.NET Aspire 9.0 - GA Release content (#1867)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/caching/stackexchange-redis-distributed-caching-integration.md

> [!TIP]
> The `connectionName` parameter must match the name used when adding the Redis resource in the app host project. For more information, see [Add Redis resource](#add-redis-resource).

### Add Azure Cache for Redis client

> By default, when you call `AddAzureRedis` in your Redis hosting integration, it configures [Microsoft Entra ID](/azure/postgresql/flexible-server/concepts-azure-ad-authentication) authentication. You need to install the [📦 Microsoft.Azure.StackExchangeRedis](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.StackExchangeRedis) NuGet package to enable authentication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when you call `AddAzureRedis` in your Redis hosting integration, it configures [Microsoft Entra ID](/azure/azure-cache-for-redis/cache-azure-active-directory-for-authentication) authentication. You need to install the [📦 Microsoft.Azure.StackExchangeRedis](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.StackExchangeRedis) NuGet package to enable authentication:
```
